docs: fix typo (#2624)
vuejs/vuepress: packages/docs/docs/guide/markdown.md

:::

::: details

> This is a details block, which does not work in IE / Edge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a details block, which does not work in Internet Explorer or Edge.
```
